docs: PEM-11038: 4.9.b DHI ImagePullSecret + Helm Install Fixes (#10766)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/image-pull-secret/_image-pull-secret-config-required.mdx

---
partial_category: self-hosted
partial_name: image-pull-secret-config-required
---

Non-airgapped self-hosted {props.version} environments that pull images directly from Spectro Cloud-owned OCI

> registries must configure an image pull secret. This includes environments that _do not_ use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registries must configure an image pull secret. This _does not_ include environments that use
```

Author: Thank god you caught this. My brain was thinking back asswards 😝
